0:::The local liquor store is Jack's target. It isn't far - Jack's always joked that the best part about where he lives is the proximity to beer - and it's always open at night.
1:::Jack arrives at the liquor store. A buzzing, neon sign outside welcomes him, as it declares nonchalantly: "Gas and Liquor". Jack pulls open the door, and a musky smell assails his nose. Eyes adjusting to the light, he enters.
2:::Suddenly, something lunges from the darkness, baring its fangs. Jack stumbles back in surprise and focuses his gaze incredulously. It's a vampire!
3:::The vampire wrestles Jack to the ground with superhuman strength. Helpless, Jack could only watch in horror as the vampire sinks its fangs in his neck. A sudden, piercing pain marks the end of Jack's life as a human... And the beginning of his life as a vampire.
4:::Grabbing a nearby gas canister, Jack tosses it at the vampire impulsively. The canister breaks and spills its slippery contents. Undeterred, the vampire continues advancing. Desperate but sober, Jack lights his cigarette lighter and throws it at the vampire, who instantly explodes into colorful flames. It turns out that gasoline, the black blood of the modern world, is too much for even a mythical blood sucker to swallow.
5:::Pumping his legs as fast as he can, Jack turns tail and runs. Around him, the wind whistles its disapproval, but Jack is too busy to care.
6:::Jack takes out his cell phone and dials the number for his girlfriend. Shortly after, a female voice answers, "Hi Jack, how's it going?" "Listen, Sarah, I have something to tell you..."
7:::Ancient, eldritch power flows through Jack's veins, as he is no longer bound by the laws of physics.
8:::Jack decides to go for a walk. Outside, he takes a whiff of the fresh night air. The temperature is cooler than is usual for a midsummer eve.
9:::Jack pauses for a moment, and then starts walking towards Sarah's house. Sarah, Jack's girlfriend, lives three blocks away in a cozy suburban home. It won't be long before Jack arrives.